Pre go-live cleanup of ff docs (#215)
harness/developer-hub: docs/feature-flags/4-ff-sdks/3-server-sdks/8-ruby-sdk-reference.md

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required?** | **Example** |
| `identifier` | Unique ID for the Target.Read **Regex requirements for Target names and identifiers** below for accepted characters. | Required | `identifier="HT_1"` |

> | `name` | Name for this Target. This does not have to be unique. **Note**: If you don’t provide a value, Harness generates the name based on the ID.Read **Regex requirements for Target names and identifiers** below for accepted characters. | Optional **Note**: If you don't want to send a name, don't send the parameter. Sending an empty argument will cause an error. | `("Harness_Target_1")` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` | Name for this target. This does not have to be unique. **Note**: If you don’t provide a value, Harness generates the name based on the ID. Read **Regex requirements for target names and identifiers** below for accepted characters. | Optional **Note**: If you don't want to send a name, don't send the parameter. Sending an empty argument causes an error. | `("Harness_Target_1")` |
```
